{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13380\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 Creating iOS apps\

\b0 \

\b 1. Install XCode
\b0 * from https://developer.apple.com/xcode/download. This will require an Apple ID which is free but requires a debit/credit card.\
\
The latest XCode version requires Mac OS 10.8. You can download older versions of Xcode that support previous Mac OSs but then XCode may be unable to create apps for the latest iOS.\
\

\b 2. Install XCode Command Line Tools
\b0  if they have not already been installed. The Xcode Command Line Tools should have been installed in step 1 automatically but if not, install now.\
\

\b 3. Install PhoneGap. 
\b0 The latest version 2.9.1 can be downloaded from here: https://github.com/phonegap/phonegap/archive/2.9.1.zip\
\
NB. Many old PhoneGap tutorials online tell you to download PhoneGap and run "Cordova-2.0.0.pkg". This file no longer exists.\
\

\b 4. Open Terminal. 
\b0 You need to replace my name with your username in the following commands.
\b \
4.1 
\b0 Create a new folder called "NewProject" in the Users/Wan/ directory.\

\b 4.2 
\b0 Unzip the downloaded PhoneGap.zip\

\b 4.3
\b0  On Terminal, navigate to the unzipped PhoneGap folder (e.g. $ cd Users/Wan/Downloads)\

\b 4.4 
\b0 Run the following command: $ ./phonegap-2.9.1/lib/ios/bin/create /Users/Wan/NewProject com.wan.projectname projectname\
\

\b 5. Open the projectname.xcode.proj
\b0  file in the NewProject folder with Xcode.\

\b 5.1 
\b0 Edit the index.html as this will form the first page of your app.\

\b 5.2.
\b0  Press the 'play' button on the top left toolbar which will start an emulator running your app.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 *Xcode is only available on a Mac. }